Viewing Response Headers
We can also search server responses
for additional information.
There are two types of tools we can use to accomplish this task.
The first type of tool is a proxy,
which intercepts requests and responses
between a client and a webserver.
We will explore proxies
later in this module,
but first we will explore
the Firefox Network tool
to view HTTP requests and responses.
This tool shows network activity
that occurs after it launches,
so we might need to
refresh the page to see traffic.
We can click on a request
to get more details about it,
in this case the response headers:
The “Server” header will often reveal
the name of the web server software
and sometimes, the version number.
Headers that start with “X-”
are non-standard HTTP headers.
The names or values often reveal
additional information about the
technology stack used by the application.
Further research into these names
could reveal additional
useful information.